DOCS-10574 RTF 1.9 main doc PR (#358)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/limitations-self.adoc

Run no more than 20 - 25 replicas per core, up to a maximum of 40 replicas per node, to allow core sharing across replicas when needed for bursting. This ensures the Runtime Fabric’s internal components that run on each worker node are not overloaded by too many replicas.
| Associated Environments per Runtime Fabric | The maximum number of environments per Runtime Fabric is 50. 
| Business Groups | The maximum number of Runtime Fabrics you can create in a business group is 50.

> | Object Store Persistence | To handle data persistence across Mule application replicas and restarts Anypoint Runtime Fabric uses the Persistence Gateway. See xref:persistence-gateway.adoc[Persistence Gateway].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Object Store Persistence | To manage data persistence across Mule application replicas and restarts, Anypoint Runtime Fabric uses Persistence Gateway. See xref:persistence-gateway.adoc[Persistence Gateway].
```

Reviewer: Per style guide, use manage instead of handle.

> | Object Store Persistence | To handle data persistence across Mule application replicas and restarts Anypoint Runtime Fabric uses the Persistence Gateway. See xref:persistence-gateway.adoc[Persistence Gateway]. Anypoint Runtime Fabric does not support using Object Store for data persistence 

Reviewer 2: I'm confused by the last line "..does not support using Object Store for data persistence".

Would there be any concern if we remove that line?

Author: Removed this line.
